A lot of people are thinking
about government these days.
You’re so right.
Which side are you on?
Actually, I’m neutral
when it comes to politics.
Instead, I support God’s government.
God’s government?
Yeah.
Millions of people pray for God’s government.
Many just don’t even realize it.
I’d like to show you what I’m talking about.
It’s here at Matthew 6:9, 10:
“You must pray, then, this way:
“‘Our Father in the heavens,
let your name be sanctified.
“‘Let your Kingdom come.
Let your will take place, as in heaven,
also on earth.’”
Have you heard these words before?
Yeah, my wife says them all the time.
So, what are people praying for?
Did you notice the beginning of verse 10?
“Let your Kingdom come.”
Yes, a kingdom is a type of government.
Jesus was teaching people
to pray for God’s government to come.
Hmm.
I never made that connection.
If you’d read it,
I’d like to leave this magazine with you.
It’s entitled “What Is God’s Kingdom?”
Then the next time,
we can discuss the question,
What will God’s Kingdom accomplish?
OK.